(PT 1)REVIEW TEST 3 AND 6 (4 LASTLY)

A new Product Owner has joined an existing Scrum Team that has been working together for eight Sprints. The Developers have grown to have a good understanding of the functionality and business for the product they have been building. The Product Owner, being new to the company, is unsure about his responsibilities. As a Scrum Master explain what two acceptable ways of helping the Product Owner would be. (Choose the best two answers.)


1) You advise the PO to rely on Developers and stakeholders to formulate the PB. By asking questions the PO will be quickly up to speed.

2) You advise the PO to start building good relationships with the stakeholders. The PO is also expected to invite the right stakeholders to the SRev meeting.

What risks does Scrum adress?

1) Stability and complexity in software development
2) Skills and working relationships of people
3) Complexity of requirements
4) Timescale of planned work

Steven is a Scrum Master for three different teams building a single product from the same Product Backlog. Developers from each team have approached Steven complaining that their teams need Nicole, an external specialist, to commit full time for their next Sprint. Which three acceptable solutions would Steven consider? (Choose the best three answers.)

1) Reorder the backlog so that Nicole could serve on a team full time
2) Investigate whether applying add'l techniques would be appropriate
3) Developers with an interest in Nicole's domain could volunteer

In what two ways is velocity and technical debt related? (Choose the best two answers.)

1) The developers can artificially increase velocity by allowing debt to occur
2) The devs will run into tech debt when working on new PBI, velocity decreases

(PT 3)

2) What benefits does a self managing team have in scrum?

	1) Developers resolve conflict
	2) Developers are/become creative

3) What values is the ST rejecting when not communicating properly?
	
	Courage, Openness, Respect

4) A stakeholder approaches the SM regarding improving their velocity. What does the SM respond with?

	1) The SM explains that velocity is used to forecast work for the next sprint not as a perfect productivity predictor.

	2) The SM informs the stakeholder that he is aware of the impediments. The SM suggests collaborating to remove those impediments.

5) Is it a good idea to postpone testing?

	1) No because the product increment wont be transparent and commm'tions wont be good enough.

6) Select two ways in which Scrum uses timeboxing to promote self-management?

	1) Time boxing helps everybody concentrate on the same problem at the same time.
	2) Timeboxing encourages those closest to the problem to make decisions.

(PT 4)

1) If working on multiple teams, does the DoR have to be mutually defined before commencing?

	1) No. The developers can select PBI for the Sprint and refine the PBI when Sprint begins.

3) Explain the Daily Scrum to a skeptic?

	1) The DS is so the developers plan the most important work to reach the SG that day.
	2) The DS is so the developers imform the SM and he/she can remove impediments.

4) Does the Spint Goal change?
	
	1) No

16) What is the PO main concern?

	1) The PO's main concern is maximizing the flow of value by ordering the PB.

22) The team was not able to come up with a SB, what does the SM do?

	1) He takes his best guess of what can meet the SG and discuss in SRt why team struggled.

29) The PO can delegate what resposibility?
	
	1) Ordering the PB

30) Where do you add NFR's?

	1) The DoD and PB


(PT 6)

4) The Sprint length should be:

	1) Short enough to keep business risks acceptable to PO
	2) Not more than one month
	3) Short enough to sync the development work

7) What is right about the Product Goal?

	1) The PO is also accountable for developing and c'nating the Product Goal
	2) The SM serves the PO in finding techniques for effective PG definition

16) It's daily scrum not daily standup.


22) When the PO released the increment, it broke the code. What is true?

	1) An increment is a concrete stepping stone towards the Product Goal.
	2) The devs are not doing enought testing as they should.
	3) The DoD is not good enough. Review DoD.
	4. The DoD provides transparency by providing a shared understanding.

24) What is correct about Sprint lengths?

	1) Sprints should be one month or less and it is optimal to have consistent Sprint lengths.
	2) The Sprint length is NOT dependent on the dev effort forecasted by the dev team. (Why?)

REVIEW 18


REVIEW QUESTION 8 from pt 6
REVIEW QUESTION 12
